# Bug Boundaries Report for Gruyere
### link to the website:

    10.3.21.141:8000



### Bug 1
---
#### Bug Title: Uploading melicious files

#### How does it work ?
There is a page in Gruyere where I was able to upload any file. The main purpose of the file upload is to upload images, which should have extensions like .jpg, .png, etc., but I was able to upload my PHP file. So the website lacks a proper validation.The application fails to enforce strict checks on the file types being uploaded. Instead of verifying the file extensions or contents, it allows any file type to be uploaded.Once the PHP file is uploaded, the attacker can access and execute it via the web server. This action triggers the reverse shell, giving the attacker control over the server.

#### What are the consequences
- Reverse Shell Access: The attacker can execute commands on the server remotely, effectively gaining full control over the server.

- Access to Sensitive Information: With server access, the attacker can read and modify files, access databases, and retrieve sensitive information such as user data, configuration files, and credentials.

#### Steps to reproduce

First go and change the php-reverse-shell.php file and update the Ip Address and port. 


Then from terminal make on a listener for the reverse shell.Like the following code:

    nc -lvnp 4444 

Then upload the reverse shell file in website.



I succedded in uploading the file but there was issue recognizing the file. 



There is an error recognizing file after I have successfully uploading file. The upload form should verify the file extensions or contents, it allows any file type to be uploaded so by  being able to upload a PHP file, I can execute a reverse shell. Through the reverse shell, we can access the website's personal information.

### Bug 2
#### Bug Title:Privilege Escalation

#### How does it work ?
I was able to gain admin access by exploiting a path traversal vulnerability. Gaining admin access is one of the most critical security breaches, as it allows an attacker to manipulate sensitive data, alter user permissions, and potentially take over the entire system. By navigating to restricted directories and accessing sensitive files, I bypassed normal authentication mechanisms and obtained privileged access.

#### What are the consequences
- Unauthorized Access: By gaining admin access, the attacker can manipulate sensitive data, alter user permissions, and potentially take over the entire system.

- Data Manipulation: With admin privileges, the attacker can modify or delete critical data, leading to data loss or corruption.

- Privacy Breach: Access to sensitive information, such as user profiles and personal data, can lead to privacy violations and identity theft.

#### Steps to reproduce
First I have used the knowledge of path travesal and used a simple code to gain the admin access.



Now I was get into the server as the Admin.



See!! Now I can manage the server.


 
This are the bunch of user in the website with their snipet.



Now I can access one of those user accounts as an admin.



















# Bug Boundaries Report for pixi



### link to the website: 

    10.3.21.141:8000

#### How does it work ?
There is a page in Pixi where I was able to upload any file like in Gruyere .I was able to upload my PHP file like before. So the website lacks proper validation like in previous website the application fails to enforce strict checks on the file types being uploaded. Instead of verifying the file extensions or contents, it allows any file type to be uploaded.So the reverse shell is also applicable in here also.

#### What are the consequences
- Reverse Shell Access: The attacker can execute commands on the server remotely, gaining control over the server.
- Access to Sensitive Information: With server access, the attacker can read and modify files, access databases, and retrieve sensitive information such as user data, configuration files, and credentials.
- It is important for the Pixi website to enforce strict checks on the file types being uploaded to prevent these security vulnerabilities.

#### Steps to reproduce
1. Navigating through the website I found the place to upload images. I was curious that will I be able to upload the other extentions than the png and jpg like php,phtml. 



Like ion the previous website I tried to upload the reverse shell. Then my assumption was correct I can upload php file. 



Uploading the reverseshell.php extension allows me to establish a reverse shell connection with the server. This gives me remote access and control over the server, enabling me to execute commands and potentially exploit further vulnerabilities.





















# Bug Boundaries Report for Hack This Site
### link to the website:  www.hackthissite.org

### Brief summary on the website 
This site is like a doing rooms in Try Hack Me. I will write step by step about what I have done in this site. 

So basically after registering in this site there is a challanges for us in this website.

### Basic 1
Our first challenge is called 'The Idiot Test.'


The hint I have seen here is that 'If you have no idea what to do, you must learn HTML.' 



Then I inspect the page and the password is given on the HTML text.



### Basic 2
In this challange Network Security Sam set up a password script, but forgot to upload the password file. This means no password is required.




### Basic 3 
In challange 3 Network Security Sam remembered to upload the password file, but there were deeper problems than that. 

 

I inspect teh source code and found out there is a password.php file.



I look into that directory and found password 



### Basic 4













 




